Hi, welcome to lesson number two, module two.
So for today, we're going to watch some
phrases I'm sure you already have heard
about, because we already practiced and
studied here.
So the first one, the first one is
Where are you from?
Recuerda siempre cuando vas a hablar de
you, usas el "ARE", ¿listo?
Are antes de you.
Entonces, Where are you from?
Listen to the video.
Where are you from?
I don't know.
Answer: I'm from + country,
for example,
I'm from Aberdeen, I'm from Aberdeen.
So write in the chat box where are you
from, tell us where are you from, put it
in the chat box.
And the next one
Are you from America?
So, are you from America is asking the
person si esa persona es de América, o es
de Estados Unidos.
"America" que se usa para Estados Unidos
America casi siempre se está refiriendo a
Estados Unidos, so are you from America,
repeat, pretty good, are you from
America, and an answer, I'm not American,
okay, I'm not American.
Listen to the video.
Hello, are you from America?
Yeah.
Pretty good, repeat after me, I'm not
American, say it, excellent, excellent,
pretty good.
I'm not American apparel, I'm not
American apparel.
The next one, where is she from, where is
she from, where is she from?
So where is she from, she is from India,
say it with me, where is she from, again,
where is she from, nice, she is from
India, pretty good, again, she is from
India, nice, pretty good.
Now, the same thing, where is he from,
where is he from, you, excellent,
excellent, nice, again, where is he from,
excellent, he is Tunisian, he is
Tunisian, so there is a difference here,
hay una diferencia, lo único que está
diciendo no es que él es de Tunisia o del
país, sino que él es tunecino, okay,
entonces, está diciendo su nacionalidad,
remember, that is another way of
answering the question, where are you
from, or where is he from, esa también es
otra manera de responder a la pregunta.
Pretty good, let's go with the next one,
listen to the video, where is Austria,
where is means dónde está, okay, where is
Austria, dónde está Austria, and we can
answer Austria is in Europe, okay,
Austria is in Europe, so where is
Austria, yo respondo, yo pregunto, tú
respondes, okay, I will ask and you will
answer, where is Austria,
Pretty good, excellent, nice, nice, so
watch the video about Austria in the next
lessons, and bye -bye, I am so happy you
have been here, remember, tell me in the
comments what surprised you the most
about Austria
.